Now that we understand `struct`s and `enum`s, we can learn about `union`s: a combination of the two concepts.

This is not the kind of union that $300k-earning Google employees fight for because they are "underpaid" and "don't have enough oat milk in the office kitchen". No, this feature is one that even Golang doesn't have (probably because they were worried about getting fired from Google for just mentioning the word!)

Unions in C can hold one of several types. They're like a less-strict [sum type](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Algebraic_data_type) from the world of functional programming. Here's an example union:

```c
typedef union AgeOrName {
  int age;
  char *name;
} age_or_name_t;
```

The `age_or_name_t` type can hold _either_ an `int` or a `char *`, but not both at the same time (that would be a struct). We provide the list of possible types so that the C compiler knows the _maximum_ potential memory requirement, and can account for that. This is how the union is used:

```c
age_or_name_t lane = { .age = 29 };
printf("age: %d\n", lane.age);
// age: 29
```

Here's where it gets interesting. What happens if we try to access the `name` field (even though we _set_ the `age` field)?

```c
printf("name: %s\n", lane.name);
// name:
```

We get... nothing? To be more specific, we get undefined behavior. A `union` only reserves enough space to hold the largest type in the union and then _all_ of the fields **use the same memory**. So when we set `.age` to 29, we are writing the integer representation of `29` to the memory of the `lane` union:

```
0000 0000 0000 0000 0000 0000 0001 1101
```

Then if we try to _access_ `.name`, we read from the **same block of memory** but try to interpret the bytes as a `char *`, which is why we get garbage (which is interpreted as nothing in this case). **Put simply, setting the value of `.age` overwrites the value of `.name` and vice versa, and you should only access the field that you set**.